To create an document given an buffer:
  Clear the i/o error.
  Slap an rider on the buffer.
  Move the rider (document rules).
  Internalize the document given the rider.
  If the i/o error is not blank, destroy the document.
  
  
To create an document:
  Allocate memory for the document.
  Put yes into the document's grid showing flag.
  Put 1/16 inch and 1/16 inch into the document's yank.
  Put 1/1 into the document's scale.
  Adjust the document.
  
  
To create an page:
  Allocate memory for the page.
  Put 8-1/2 inches into the page's width.
  Put 11 inches into the page's height.
  Put 0 and 0 into the page's origin.
  Put the tpp and the tpp into the page's grid.
  Put 1/1 into the page's scale.
  Put 1 / the tpi into the page's measure.
  Reset the superduper given the page.
  Adjust the page.
  
  
To create an paragraph:
  Allocate memory for the paragraph.
  
  
To create an shape given an kind (default - ellipse):
  Create the shape.
  Put the kind into the shape's kind.
  Put 0 and 0 and 1/2 inch and 1/2 inch into the shape's ellipse's box.
  
  
To create an shape given an kind (default - picture):
  Ask "Path?" with the remembered picture path.
  If the answer is blank, exit.
  Put the answer into an path.
  Put the path into the remembered picture path.
  Show the desktop with "Loading...".
  Read the path into an buffer.
  If the i/o error is not blank, show error the i/o error; exit.
  Create an picture given the buffer.
  If the picture is nil, show error the i/o error; exit.
  Create the shape.
  Put the kind into the shape's kind.
  Put the clear color into the shape's border.
  Put the picture into the shape's picture.
  
  
To create an shape given an kind (default - polygon):
  Create the shape.
  Put the kind into the shape's kind.
  Create the shape's polygon.
  Append 0 and 0 to the shape's polygon.
  Append 1/2 inch and 1/2 inch to the shape's polygon.
  
  
To create an shape given an kind (default - rectangle):
  Create the shape.
  Put the kind into the shape's kind.
  Put 0 and 0 and 1/2 inch and 1/2 inch and 0 into the shape's rect.
  
  
To create an shape given an kind (default - text):
  Create the shape.
  Put the kind into the shape's kind.
  Put 0 and 0 and 1/2 inch and 1/2 inch and 0 into the shape's text rect.
  Create the shape's text.
  Put the shape's text rect into the shape's text's box.
  Put the black color into the shape's text's pen.
  Put the default font into the shape's text's font.
  Set the shape's text's wrap flag.
  Adjust the text in the shape.
  
  
To create an shape given an kind (default):
  Void the shape.
  If the kind is "ellipse", create the shape given the kind (default - ellipse); exit.
  If the kind is "picture", create the shape given the kind (default - picture); exit.
  If the kind is "polygon", create the shape given the kind (default - polygon); exit.
  If the kind is "rectangle", create the shape given the kind (default - rectangle); exit.
  If the kind is "text", create the shape given the kind (default - text); exit.
  Debug "create an shape given an kind: " then the kind.
  
  
To create an shape refer given an shape:
  If the shape is nil, void the shape refer; exit.
  Allocate memory for the shape refer.
  Put the shape into the shape refer's shape.
  
  
To create an shape:
  Allocate memory for the shape.
  Put the black color into the shape's border.
  Put the clear color into the shape's fill.
  Put 1/1 into the shape's scale.
  
  
To create some shape refers given some shapes:
    Get an shape from the shapes.
    If the shape is nil, exit.
    If the shape's kind is "group", create the shape refers given the shape's shapes; repeat.
    If the shape's kind is not "text", repeat.
    Create an shape refer given the shape.
    Append the shape refer to the shape refers.
  Repeat.
  
  
