To copy an page into another page:
  If the page is nil, void the other page; exit.
  Allocate memory for the other page.
  Put the page's width into the other page's width.
  Put the page's height into the other page's height.
  Copy the page's shapes into the other page's shapes.
  Put the page's origin into the other page's origin.
  Put the page's grid into the other page's grid.
  Put the page's superduper into the other page's superduper.
  Put the page's scale into the other page's scale.
  Put the page's measure into the other page's measure.
  \  don't copy the edit shape
  \  don't copy shape refers, recreate them
  Put the page's edge into the other page's edge.
  Put the page's selected flag into the other page's selected flag.
  Put the page's previously selected flag into the other page's previously selected flag.
  Put the page's title into the other page's title.
  Put the page's page number into the other page's page number.
  Adjust the other page.
  
  
To copy an page to an page clipboard:
  If the page is nil, exit.
  Copy the page into another page.
  Append the other page to the page clipboard.
  
  
To copy an shape into another shape:
  If the shape is nil, void the other shape; exit.
  Allocate memory for the other shape.
  Put the shape's kind into the other shape's kind.
  Put the shape's border into the other shape's border.
  Put the shape's fill into the other shape's fill.
  Put the shape's ellipse into the other shape's ellipse.
  Copy the shape's picture into the other shape's picture.
  Copy the shape's polygon into the other shape's polygon.
  Put the shape's rect into the other shape's rect.
  Put the shape's text rect into the other shape's text rect.
  Put the shape's label into the other shape's label.
  Copy the shape's text into the other shape's text.
  Copy the shape's shapes into the other shape's shapes.
  Put the shape's box into the other shape's box.
  Put the shape's selected flag into the other shape's selected flag.
  Put the shape's previously selected flag into the other shape's previously selected flag.
  Put the shape's scale into the other shape's scale.
  
  
To copy any selected pages in an document to an page clipboard returning an count:
  Put 0 into the count.
  If the document is nil, exit.
  Put the document's selected page count into an total count.
  Loop.
    Get an page from the document's pages.
    If the page is nil, exit.
    If the page is not selected, repeat.
    Add 1 to the count.
    Show status the count then " of " then the total count then "...".
    Copy the page to the page clipboard.
  Repeat.
  
  
To copy any selected shapes on an page to an shape clipboard:
  If the page is nil, exit.
  Destroy the shape clipboard.
  Loop.
    Get an shape from the page's shapes.
    If the shape is nil, exit.
    If the shape is not selected, repeat.
    Copy the shape into another shape.
    Scale the other shape to 1/1.
    Append the other shape to the shape clipboard.
  Repeat.
  
  
To copy some shapes into some other shapes:
  Destroy the other shapes.
  Loop.
    Get an shape from the shapes.
    If the shape is nil, exit.
    Copy the shape into another shape.
    Append the other shape to the other shapes.
  Repeat.
  
  
