To get an box of the selected shapes on an page:
  If the page is nil, clear the box; exit.
  If nothing is selected on the page, clear the box; exit.
  Put the largest number and the largest number and the smallest number and the smallest number into the box.
  Loop.
    Get an shape from the page's shapes.
    If the shape is nil, exit.
    If the shape is not selected, repeat.
    If the shape's left is less than the box's left, put the shape's left into the box's left.
    If the shape's top is less than the box's top, put the shape's top into the box's top.
    If the shape's right is greater than the box's right, put the shape's right into the box's right.
    If the shape's bottom is greater than the box's bottom, put the shape's bottom into the box's bottom.
  Repeat.
  
  
To get an difference between an spot and another spot given an sizer:
  Get the difference between the spot and the other spot.
  If the sizer's kind starts with "left-", negate the difference's x.
  If the sizer's kind ends with "-top", negate the difference's y.
  
  
To get an focus shape given an shape and an spot:
  If the shape is nil, void the focus shape; exit.
  If the shape's kind is not "group", put the shape into the focus shape; exit.
  Loop.
    Get the focus shape from the shape's shapes (backwards).
    If the focus shape is nil, exit.
    If the spot is not in the focus shape, repeat.
  Get another focus shape given the focus shape and the spot.
  Put the other focus shape into the focus shape.
  
  
To get an font height given an page:
  Put the default font's height into the font height.
  Put the page's shape refers' first selected shape into an shape.
  If the shape is nil, exit.
  If the shape's kind is not "text", exit.
  Put the shape's text's font's height into the font height.
  Divide the font height by the page's scale.
  
  
To get an font name given an page:
  Put the default font's name into the font name.
  Put the page's shape refers' first selected shape into an shape.
  If the shape is nil, exit.
  If the shape's kind is not "text", exit.
  Put the shape's text's font's name into the font name.
  
  
To get an page number given some pages and an page:
  Put 0 into the page number.
  Loop.
    Get another page from the pages.
    If the other page is nil, exit.
    Add 1 to the page number.
    If the other page is the page, exit.
  Repeat.
  
  
To get an radius given an page:
  Put 0 into the radius.
  Put the page's first selected shape into an shape.
  If the shape is nil, exit.
  If the shape's kind is "rectangle", put the shape's rect's radius into the radius.
  If the shape's kind is "text", put the shape's text rect's radius into the radius.
  Divide the radius by the page's scale.
  
  
To get an shape refer with which to start finding given an page:
  If the page is nil, void the shape refer; exit.
  If the page is being edited, find the shape refer given the page's shape refers and the page's edit shape; exit.
  Put the page's shape refers' first selected shape refer into the shape refer.
  If the shape refer is not nil, exit.
  Put the page's shape refers' first into the shape refer.
  
  
To get an anchor with which to start finding given an shape refer and an page:
  Put 1 and 1 into the anchor.
  If the page is nil, exit.
  If the shape refer is nil, exit.
  If the shape refer's shape is not the page's edit shape, exit.
  Put the shape refer's shape's text's caret into the anchor.
  
  
To get the status for an box and another box given an measure:
  Get an difference between the other box's left-top and the box's left-top.
  Put " R" into an label.
  If the difference's x is less than 0, put " L" into the label.
  Put " D" into another label.
  If the difference's y is less than 0, put " U" into the other label.
  De-sign the difference.
  Convert the measure times the difference's x to an string.
  Append the label to the string.
  Convert the measure times the difference's y to another string.
  Append the other label to the other string.
  Put the string then "  " then the other string into the status' string.
  
  
To get the status for an box given an measure:
  Convert the measure times the box's x-extent to an string.
  Append " W" to the string.
  Convert the measure times the box's y-extent to another string.
  Append " H" to the other string.
  Put the string then "  " then the other string into the status' string.
  
  
To get the status for an document:
  If the document is nil, clear the status' string; exit.
  Put the document's selected page count into an count.
  If the count is 0, format the document's pages' count and "page" or "pages" into the status' string.
  If the count is not 0, format the count and "page selected" or "pages selected" into the status' string.
  If the document's read-only flag is set, append " (r)" to the status' string.
  
  
To get the status for an page:
  If the page is nil, clear the status' string; exit.
  Get an page number given the current tab's node's document's pages and the page.
  Put "Page " then the page number then " of " then the current tab's node's document's pages' count into the status' string.
  If the current tab's node's document's read-only flag is set, append " (r)" to the status' string.
  If the page's selected shape count is not 1, exit.
  Get the status for the page's first selected shape given the page's measure.
  
  
To get the status for an shape given an measure:
  If the shape is nil, clear the status' string; exit.
  Get the status for the shape's box given the measure.
  If the shape's kind is not "text", exit.
  If the shape's label is blank, exit.
  Put the shape's label into the status' string.
  
  
