To scale an page given an ratio:
  If the page is nil, exit.
  If the ratio is 1/1, exit.
  Scale the page's scale given the ratio.
  Scale the page's width given the ratio.
  Scale the page's height given the ratio.
  Scale the page's shapes given the ratio.
  Scale the page's origin given the ratio.
  Scale the page's superduper given the ratio.
  Divide the page's measure by the ratio.
  
  
To scale an page to an ratio: \ absolute
  If the page is nil, exit.
  Put the page's scale into another ratio.
  Flip the other ratio.
  Multiply the other ratio by the ratio.
  Scale the page given the other ratio.
  
  
To scale an shape given an ratio (ellipse):
  Scale the shape's ellipse's box given the ratio.
  Adjust the shape.
  
  
To scale an shape given an ratio (group):
  Scale the shape's shapes given the ratio.
  Adjust the shape.
  
  
To scale an shape given an ratio (picture):
  Scale the shape's picture given the ratio.
  Adjust the shape.
  
  
To scale an shape given an ratio (polygon): 
  Scale the shape's polygon given the ratio.
  Adjust the shape.
  
  
To scale an shape given an ratio (rectangle):
  Scale the shape's rect given the ratio.
  Adjust the shape.
  
  
To scale an shape given an ratio (text):
  Scale the shape's text rect given the ratio.
  Scale the shape's text given the ratio.
  Adjust the text in the shape.
  Adjust the shape.
  
  
To scale an shape given an ratio:
  If the shape is nil, exit.
  If the ratio is 1/1, exit.
  Scale the shape's scale given the ratio.
  If the shape's kind is "ellipse", scale the shape given the ratio (ellipse); exit.
  If the shape's kind is "group", scale the shape given the ratio (group); exit.
  If the shape's kind is "picture", scale the shape given the ratio (picture); exit.
  If the shape's kind is "polygon", scale the shape given the ratio (polygon); exit.
  If the shape's kind is "rectangle", scale the shape given the ratio (rectangle); exit.
  If the shape's kind is "text", scale the shape given the ratio (text); exit.
  Debug "scale an shape by an scale: " then the shape's kind.
  
  
To scale an shape to an ratio: \ absolute
  If the shape is nil, exit.
  Put the shape's scale into another ratio.
  Flip the other ratio.
  Multiply the other ratio by the ratio.
  Scale the shape given the other ratio.
  
  
To scale an superduper given an ratio:
  Scale the superduper's pair given the ratio.
  
  
To scale some shapes given an ratio:
    Get an shape from the shapes.
    If the shape is nil, exit.
    Scale the shape given the ratio.
  Repeat.
  
  
