To open an node (disk or directory):
    Get an item from the node's path.
    If the item is not found, break.
    Put the node's path then the item's designator into an path.
    Create an nodette given the path.
    Append the nodette to the node's nodettes.
    Put the node into the nodette's parent node.
  Repeat.
  Adjust the node.
  Sort the node.
  
  
To open an node (file as dump):
  Read the node's path into an buffer.
  If the i/o error is not blank, exit.
  Open the node given the buffer (file as dump).
  
  
To open an node (file as text):
  Read the node's path into an buffer.
  If the i/o error is not blank, exit.
  Open the node given the buffer (file as text).
  
  
To open an node (file):
  Read the node's path into an buffer.
  If the i/o error is not blank, exit.
  If the buffer is document-format, open the node given the buffer (file as document); exit.
  If the buffer is text-format, open the node given the buffer (file as text); exit.
  Open the node given the buffer (file as dump).
  
  
To open an node (root):
  Put the accent byte into an byte.
  Loop.
    Add 1 to the byte.
    If the byte is greater than the little-z byte, break.
    If the byte is not any valid drive, repeat.
    Put the byte then ":\" into an path.
    Create an nodette given the path.
    Append the nodette to the node's nodettes.
    Put the node into the nodette's parent node.
  Repeat.
  Adjust the node.
  
  
To open an node given an buffer (file as document):
  Create the node's document given the buffer.
  
  
To open an node given an buffer (file as dump):
  Dump the buffer into another buffer.
  Create the node's source given the other buffer.
  Put "courier new" into an font name.
  Change the node's source's text given the font name.
  Set the node's source's read-only flag.
  Clear the node's source's colorized flag.
  
  
To open an node given an buffer (file as text):
  Create the node's source given the buffer.
  Clear the node's source's colorized flag.
  If the node's extension is blank, set the node's source's colorized flag.
  
  
To open an node given an path:
  If the node is nil, exit.
  Extract an directory from the path.
  If the directory is not blank, open the node given the directory.
  Extract an designator from the path.
  Find an nodette given the node's nodettes and the designator.
  If the nodette is nil, put "directory or file does not exist" into the i/o error; exit.
  Open the nodette.
  Focus on the nodette in the node.
  If the i/o error is blank, put the nodette into the node.
  
  
To open an node:
  If the node is nil, exit.
  If the node's kind is "root", open the node (root); exit.
  If the node's kind is "disk", open the node (disk or directory); exit.
  If the node's kind is "directory", open the node (disk or directory); exit.
  If the node's kind is "file", open the node (file); exit.
  
  
