To print an copy of an sheet number of an sheets/copy of an source:
    If the source is nil, exit.
    Show status the copy then " of " then the sheet number then " of " then the sheets/copy then "...".
    Get an first row and an last row given the sheet number and the source.
    Put 1/2 inch and 1/2 inch into an spot.
    Begin an sheet.
    Put the first row into an current row.
    Loop.
    Print the current row of the source at the spot.
    If the current row is the last row, break.
    Put the current row's next into the current row.
    Add the source's text's row height to the spot's y.
  Repeat.
  End the sheet.
  
  
To print an copy of an source:
    If the source is nil, exit.
    Put the source's sheets/copy into an sheets/copy.
    Put 1 into an sheet number.
    Loop.
    If the sheet number is greater than the sheets/copy, exit.
    Print the copy of the sheet number of the sheets/copy of the source.
    Add 1 to the sheet number.
  Repeat.
  
  
To print an number of copies of an source:
    If the source is nil, exit.
    Begin printing.
    Loop.
    Add 1 to an copy.
    If the copy is greater than the number, break.
    Print the copy of the source.
  Repeat.
  End printing.
  
  
To print an row of an source at an spot:
  If the source is nil, exit.
  If the row is nil, exit.
  Put 0 and 0 and 7-1/2 inches and the source's text's row height into an box.
  Move the box to the spot.
  Mask only outside the box.
  Get an substring given the row and the source (commented part).
  \ uncommented part
  Slap another substring on the row's working string.
  If the substring is not blank, put the substring's first minus 1 into the other substring's last.
  Draw the other substring in the box with the black color and the source's text's font and the source's text's alignment.
  \ commented part
  If the substring is blank, exit.
  Put the comment color into an color.
  If the source's colorized flag is not set, put the black color into the color.
  Get an width given the other substring and the memory canvas and the source's text's font.
  Add the width to the box's left.
  Draw the substring in the box with the color and the source's text's font and the source's text's alignment.
  
  
