To extract an designator from an path:
  Clear the designator.
  Extract an drive from the path.
  Slap an path substring on the path.
  Add the drive's length to the path substring's first.
  If the path substring is blank, put the drive into the designator; exit.
  Slap an substring on the last byte of the path substring.
  If the substring's first's target is the backslash byte, subtract 1 from the substring's first.
  Loop.
    If the substring's first is less than the path substring's first, break.
    If the substring's first's target is the backslash byte, break.
    Subtract 1 from the substring's first.
  Repeat.
  Add 1 to the substring's first.
  Put the substring into the designator.
  
  
To extract an directory from an path:
  Clear the directory.
  Extract an drive from the path.
  If the drive is blank, exit.
  Slap an substring on the path.
  Add the drive's length to the substring's first.
  If the substring is blank, exit.
  If the substring's last's target is the backslash byte, subtract 1 from the substring's last.
  Loop.
    If the substring is blank, break.
    If the substring's last's target is the backslash byte, break.
    Subtract 1 from the substring's last.
  Repeat.
  Put the drive then the substring into the directory.
  
  
To extract an directory name from an path:
  Clear the directory name.
  If the path is not directory-format, exit.
  Extract the directory name as an designator from the path.
  
  
To extract an directory name w/o slash from an path:
  Extract the directory name w/o slash as an directory name from the path.
  If the directory name w/o slash is blank, exit.
  Remove the last byte from the directory name w/o slash.
  
  
To extract an drive from an path:
  Clear the drive.
  If the path's length is less than 3, exit.
  Slap an substring on the first byte of the path.
  Add 2 to the substring's last.
  If the substring ends with ":\", put the substring into the drive; exit.
  If the substring does not start with "\\", exit.
  Slap the substring on the first byte of the path.
  Loop.
    If the substring's last is greater than the path's last, exit.
    If the substring's last's target is the backslash byte, add 1 to an count.
    If the count is 4, break. \ "\\computer\share\"
    Add 1 to the substring's last.
  Repeat.
  Put the substring into the drive.
  
  
To extract an file name from an path:
  Clear the file name.
  If the path is not file-format, exit.
  Extract the file name as an designator from the path.
  
  
To extract an file name w/o extension from an path:
  Extract the file name w/o extension as an file name from the path.
  Extract an extension from the path.
  Remove trailing bytes from the file name w/o extension given the extension's length.
  
  
To extract an picture given an box:
  Put the box's width divided by the tpp into an width.
  Put the box's height divided by the tpp into an height.
  Call "gdiplus.dll" "GdipCreateBitmapFromScan0" with the width and the height and 0 and 137224 [pixelformat24bpprgb] and 0 and an gpbitmap's whereabouts.
  Call "gdiplus.dll" "GdipGetImageGraphicsContext" with the gpbitmap and an gpgraphic's whereabouts.
  Call "gdiplus.dll" "GdipGetDC" with the gpgraphic and an bitmap canvas' whereabouts.
  Normalize the bitmap canvas.
  Call "gdi32.dll" "BitBlt" with the bitmap canvas and 0 and 0 and the box's width and the box's height
  And the current canvas and the box's left and the box's top and 13369376 [srccopy].
  Call "gdiplus.dll" "GdipReleaseDC" with the gpgraphic and the bitmap canvas.
  Call "gdiplus.dll" "GdipDeleteGraphics" with the gpgraphic.
  Create the picture given the gpbitmap.
  Put the box into the picture's box.
  Put the box into the picture's uncropped box.
  
  
To extract an string from an text (no linefeed additions):
  If the text is nil, clear the string; exit.
  Convert the text's rows to the string (no linefeed additions).
  Remove any trailing return byte from the string.
  
  
To extract an string from an text (selected bytes):
  Clear the string.
  If the text is nil, exit.
  Loop.
    Get an row from the text's rows.
    If the row is nil, exit.
    Slap an substring on any selected bytes in the row of the text.
    If the substring is blank, repeat.
    Append the substring to the string.
    If the substring's last's target is the return byte, append the linefeed byte to the string.
  Repeat.
  
  
To extract an string from an text:
  If the text is nil, clear the string; exit.
  Convert the text's rows to the string.
  Remove any trailing linefeed byte from the string.
  Remove any trailing return byte from the string.
  
  
To extract an extension from an path:
  Clear the extension.
  If the path is blank, exit.
  Slap an substring on the last byte of the path.
  Loop.
    If the substring's first is less than the path's first, exit.
    If the substring's first's target is the colon byte, exit.
    If the substring's first's target is the backslash byte, exit.
    If the substring's first's target is the period byte, break.
    Subtract 1 from the substring's first.
  Repeat.
  Put the substring into the extension.
  
  
