To imagine an box some twips by some other twips;
To make an box some twips by some other twips:
  Put 0 into the box's left.
  Put 0 into the box's top.
  Put the twips into the box's right.
  Put the other twips into the box's bottom.
  
  
To imagine an box some twips high by some other twips wide;
To make an box some twips high by some other twips wide:
  Put 0 and 0 and the other twips and the twips into the box.
  
  
To imagine an box some twips smaller than another box on every side:
  Put the other box into the box.
  Indent the box by the twips.
  
  
To imagine an box some twips smaller than another box;
To make an box some twips smaller than another box:
  Put the other box into the box.
  Indent the box by the twips divided by 2.
  
  
To imagine an box some twips wide by some other twips high;
To make an box some twips wide by some other twips high:
  Put 0 and 0 and the twips and the other twips into the box.
  
  
To imagine an box with an left coord and an top coord and an right coord and an bottom coord;
To make an box with an left coord and an top coord and an right coord and an bottom coord:
  Put the left coord and the top coord and the right coord and the bottom coord into the box.
  
  
To imagine an box with an spot and another spot;
To make an box with an spot and another spot:
  Put the spot and the other spot into the box.
  
  
To imagine an color from an hue and an saturation and an lightness;
To make an color from an hue and an saturation and an lightness:
  Put the hue and the saturation and the lightness into the color.
  
  
To imagine an dot about some twips wide;
To make an dot about some twips wide;
To make an dot some twips wide:
  Make the dot the twips by the twips.
  
  
To imagine an dot between some twips and some other twips wide;
To make an dot between some twips and some other twips wide:
  Pick some third twips between the twips and the other twips.
  Make the dot the third twips wide.
  
  
To imagine an figure using an string and an spot;
To make an figure using an string and an spot;
To create an figure using an string and an center spot:
  Create the figure.
  Append the figure to the figures.
  Privatize the string.
  Lowercase the string.
  Slap an substring on the string.
  Loop.
    Skip any leading noise in the substring.
    If the substring's length is less than 2, exit.
    Put the substring's first's target into an byte.
    Put the byte minus the little-an byte into an spot's y.
    Add 1 to the substring's first.
    Put the substring's first's target into the byte.
    Put the byte minus the little-an byte into the spot's x.
    Multiply the spot by 1/4 inch.
    Add the center spot's x minus 3-1/8 inches plus 1 pixel to the spot's x.
    Add the center spot's y minus 3-1/8 inches plus 1 pixel to the spot's y.
    Append the spot to the figure.
    Add 1 to the substring's first.
  Repeat.
  
  
To imagine an horizontal line an fraction of the way up from the bottom of an box;
To make an horizontal line an fraction of the way up from the bottom of an box:
  Imagine the horizontal line across the box the fraction of the way up from the bottom.
  
  
To imagine an line across an box an fraction of the way up from the bottom;
To make an line across an box an fraction of the way up from the bottom:
  Put the box's left into the line's start's x.
  Put the box's right into the line's end's x.
  Put the box's bottom times the fraction into some twips.
  Put the box's bottom minus the twips into the line's start's y.
  Put the box's bottom minus the twips into the line's end's y.
  
  
To imagine an line across the bottom of an box;
To make an line across the bottom of an box;
To imagine an line along the bottom of an box;
To make an line along the bottom of an box:
  Put the box's bottom line into the line.
  
  
To imagine an line across the top of an box;
To make an line across the top of an box;
To imagine an line along the top of an box;
To make an line along the top of an box:
  Put the box's top line into the line.
  
  
To imagine an line in the middle of an box;
To make an line in the middle of an box;
To imagine an line across the middle of an box;
To make an line across the middle of an box;
To imagine an line in the center of an box;
To make an line in the center of an box;
To imagine an line across the center of an box;
To make an line across the center of an box:
  Put the box's left into the line's start's x.
  Put the box's right into the line's end's x.
  Put the box's center's y into the line's start's y.
  Put the box's center's y into the line's end's y.
  
  
To imagine an line some twips up from the bottom of an box;
To make an line some twips up from the bottom of an box:
  Put the box's left into the line's start's x.
  Put the box's right into the line's end's x.
  Put the box's bottom minus the twips into the line's start's y.
  Put the box's bottom minus the twips into the line's end's y.
  
  
To imagine an line with an spot and another spot;
To make an line with an spot and another spot:
  Put the spot and the other spot into the line.
  
  
To imagine an line with an x coord and an y coord and another x coord and another y coord;
To make an line with an x coord and an y coord and another x coord and another y coord:
  Put the x coord and the y coord and the other x coord and the other y coord into the line.
  
  
To imagine an roundy box from an box and an radius;
To make an roundy box from an box and an radius:
  Put the box and the radius into the roundy box.
  
  
To imagine an roundy box some twips by some other twips;
To make an roundy box some twips by some other twips:
  Put 0 into the roundy box's left.
  Put 0 into the roundy box's top.
  Put the twips into the roundy box's right.
  Put the other twips into the roundy box's bottom.
  
  
To imagine an roundy box with an left coord and an top coord and an right coord and an bottom coord and an radius;
To make an roundy box with an left coord and an top coord and an right coord and an bottom coord and an radius:
  Put the left coord and the top coord and the right coord and the bottom coord and the radius into the roundy box.
  
  
To imagine an roundy box with an spot and another spot and an radius;
To make an roundy box with an spot and another spot and an radius:
  Put the spot and the other spot and the radius into the roundy box.
  
  
To imagine an spot with an x coord and an y coord;
To make an spot with an x coord and an y coord:
  Put the x coord and the y coord into the spot.
  
  
To imagine an ellipse given an box;
To make an ellipse given an box:
  Put the box into the ellipse's box.
  
  
To imagine an ellipse some twips by some other twips;
To make an ellipse some twips by some other twips:
  Put 0 into the ellipse's left.
  Put 0 into the ellipse's top.
  Put the twips into the ellipse's right.
  Put the other twips into the ellipse's bottom.
  
  
To imagine an ellipse with an left coord and an top coord and an right coord and an bottom coord;
To make an ellipse with an left coord and an top coord and an right coord and an bottom coord:
  Put the left coord and the top coord and the right coord and the bottom coord into the ellipse.
  
  
To imagine an ellipse with an spot and another spot;
To make an ellipse with an spot and another spot:
  Put the spot and the other spot into the ellipse.
  
  
