To insert an byte into an text:
  If the text is nil, exit.
  Put the byte into an string.
  Insert the string into the text.
  
  
To insert an spot into an polygon after an vertex:
  If the polygon is nil, exit.
  Create another vertex given the spot.
  Insert the other vertex into the polygon's vertices after the vertex.
  
  
To insert an string into an text:
  If the text is nil, exit.
  Get an row given the text's caret row# and the text.
  Put the row's string's length minus the text's caret column# into an number.
  Put the row's string into another string.
  Insert the string into the other string before the text's caret column#.
  Convert the other string to some rows.
  Put the rows' last into another row.
  Insert the rows into the text's rows before the row.
  Remove the row from the text's rows.
  Destroy the row.
  Renumber the text's rows.
  Put the other row's row# into the text's caret row#.
  Put the other row's string's length minus the number into the text's caret column#.
  Deselect the text.
  
  
To insert an string into another string before an byte#:
  If the string's length is 0, exit.
  Privatize the byte#.
  Limit the byte# to 1 and the other string's length plus 1.
  Slap an substring on the other string. \ left side
  Put the substring's first plus the byte# minus 2 into the substring's last.
  Slap another substring on the other string. \ right side
  Put the other substring's first plus the byte# minus 1 into the other substring's first.
  Put the other string's length plus the string's length into an combined length.
  Reassign an pointer given the combined length.
  Put the pointer into an third substring's first.
  Copy bytes from the substring's first to the third substring's first for the substring's length.
  Add the substring's length to the third substring's first.
  Copy bytes from the string's first to the third substring's first for the string's length.
  Add the string's length to the third substring's first.
  Copy bytes from the other substring's first to the third substring's first for the other substring's length.
  Unassign the other string's first. \ don't use put an string into an string to prevent extra allocating and copying
  Put the pointer into the other string's first.
  Put the other string's first plus the combined length minus 1 into the other string's last.
  
  
To insert an thing into some things after another thing:
  If the thing is nil, exit.
  If the other thing is nil, prepend the thing to the things; exit.
  Insert the thing into the things before the other thing's next.
  
  
To insert an thing into some things before another thing:
  If the thing is nil, exit.
  If the things are empty, append the thing to the things; exit.
  If the other thing is nil, append the thing to the things; exit.
  If the other thing is the things' first, prepend the thing to the things; exit.
  Put the thing into an new thing.
  Put the other thing into an previous thing.
  Put the new thing into the previous thing's previous' next.
  Put the previous thing into the new thing's next.
  Put the previous thing's previous into the new thing's previous.
  Put the new thing into the previous thing's previous.
  
  
To insert an vertex into an polygon after another vertex:
  If the polygon is nil, exit.
  If the vertex is nil, exit.
  Insert the vertex into the polygon's vertices after the other vertex.
  
  
To insert an vertex into an polygon at an spot:
  If the polygon is nil, exit.
  If the vertex is nil, exit.
  Loop.
    Get another vertex from the polygon's vertices.
    If the other vertex is nil, exit.
    If the other vertex's next is nil, exit.
    Put the other vertex's spot and the other vertex's next's spot into an line.
    If the spot is not on the line, repeat.
  Insert the vertex into the polygon's vertices after the other vertex.
  
  
To insert an vertex into an polygon before another vertex:
  If the polygon is nil, exit.
  If the vertex is nil, exit.
  Insert the vertex into the polygon's vertices before the other vertex.
  
  
To insert some things into some other things after an thing:
  If the thing is nil, prepend the things to the other things; exit.
  Insert the things into the other things before the thing's next.
  
  
To insert some things into some other things before an thing:
  Privatize the thing.
  Loop.
    Put the things' first into another thing.
    If the other thing is nil, exit.
    Remove the other thing from the things.
    Insert the other thing into the other things before the thing.
  Repeat.
  
  
