To output an color without advancing:
  Convert the color to an rgb.
  Put the rgb's red byte / 255 into an fraction.
  Convert the fraction to an red string given 4.
  Put the rgb's green byte / 255 into the fraction.
  Convert the fraction to an green string given 4.
  Put the rgb's blue byte / 255 into the fraction.
  Convert the fraction to an blue string given 4.
  Output the red string then " " then the green string then " " then the blue string without advancing.
  
  
To output an number without advancing:
  Convert the number to an string.
  Output the string without advancing.
  Output " " without advancing.
  
  
To output an spot without advancing:
  Output the spot's x without advancing.
  Output the pdf state's current height minus the spot's y without advancing.
  
  
To output an string without advancing:
  Append the string to the pdf state's current contents without advancing.
  
  
To output an string:
  Append the string to the pdf state's current contents.
  
  
To output lineto given an spot:
  Output the spot without advancing.
  Output "l".
  
  
To output lineto given an x number and an y number:
  Put the x and the y into an spot.
  Output lineto given the spot.
  
  
To output moveto given an spot:
  Output the spot without advancing.
  Output "m".
  
  
To output moveto given an x number and an y number:
  Put the x and the y into an spot.
  Output moveto given the spot.
  
  
To output setcolor given an border color and an fill color:
  If the fill is not clear, output the pdf fill given the fill.
  If the border is not clear, output the pdf border given the border.
  
  
To output stroke and fill given an border color and an fill color:
  Put "B" into an string. \ stroke and fill
  If the fill is clear, put "S" into the string. \ stroke
  If the border is clear, put "f" into the string. \ fill
  Output the string.
  
  
To output the arc of an ellipse given an string:
  Put 2761/10000 into an fraction. \ 2/3*(sqrt(2)-1)
  Put the ellipse's center into an center spot.
  Put the ellipse's x-extent divided by 2 into an half width.
  Put the ellipse's y-extent divided by 2 into an half height.
  Put the ellipse's x-extent times the fraction into an x offset.
  Put the ellipse's y-extent times the fraction into an y offset.
  \ control point 1
  If the string is "left-top", put the ellipse's left and the center's y minus the y offset into an first control spot. 
  If the string is "right-top", put the center's x plus the x offset and the ellipse's top into the first control spot.
  If the string is "right-bottom", put the ellipse's right and the center's y plus the y offset into the first control spot.
  If the string is "left-bottom", put the center's x minus the x offset and the ellipse's bottom into the first control spot.
  \ control point 2
  If the string is "left-top", put the center's x minus the x offset and the ellipse's top into an second control spot.
  If the string is "right-top", put the ellipse's right and the center's y minus the y offset into the second control spot.
  If the string is "right-bottom", put the center's x plus the x offset and the ellipse's bottom into the second control spot.
  If the string is "left-bottom", put the ellipse's left and the center's y plus the y offset into the second control spot.
  \ ending point
  If the string is "left-top", put the ellipse's left plus the half width and the ellipse's top into an ending spot.
  If the string is "right-top", put the ellipse's right and the ellipse's top plus the half height into the ending spot.
  If the string is "right-bottom", put the ellipse's right minus the half width and the ellipse's bottom into the ending spot.
  If the string is "left-bottom", put the ellipse's left and the ellipse's bottom minus the half height into the ending spot.
  \ spit it out
  Output the first control spot without advancing.
  Output the second control spot without advancing.
  Output the ending spot without advancing.
  Output "c".
  
  
To output the pdf border given an color:
  If the color is the pdf state's current border, exit.
  Output the color without advancing.
  Output " RG".
  Put the color into the pdf state's current border.
  
  
To output the pdf fill given an color:
  If the color is the pdf state's current fill, exit.
  Output the color without advancing.
  Output " rg".
  Put the color into the pdf state's current fill.
  
  
