To pick an brightness between an percent and another percent;
To vary an lightness between an percent and another percent;
To pick an lightness between an percent and another percent:
  Pick an number between the percent and the other percent.
  Put the number times 10 into the lightness.
  Put the lightness into the context's lightness.
  
  
To pick an brownish color about some percent of the time: \ *** generalize this for all colors
  Pick an number between 1 and 100.
  If the number is greater than the percent, exit.
  Pick the brownish color.
  Put the brownish color into the context's color.
  
  
To pick an brownish color:
  Pick the brownish color's hue between 250 and 350.
  Pick the brownish color's saturation between 500 and 1000.
  Pick the brownish color's brightness between 125 and 375.
  Put the brownish color into the context's color.
  
  
To pick an color between another color and an third color:
  Pick the color's hue between the other color's hue and the third color's hue.
  Pick the color's saturation between the other color's saturation and the third color's saturation.
  Pick the color's lightness between the other color's lightness and the third color's lightness.
  Put the color into the context's color.
  
  
To pick an color like another color:
  Put the other color into the color.
  Pick an number between -100 and 100.
  Add the number to the color's hue.
  Limit the color's hue to 0 and 3599.
  Set the color's saturation to something between 100 and 1000.
  Set the color's lightness to something between 0 and 800.
  Put the color into the context's color.
  
  
To pick an color:
  Pick the color's hue between 0 and 3600.
  Pick the color's saturation between 0 and 1000.
  Pick the color's lightness between 0 and 1000.
  Put the color into the context's color.
  
  
To pick an dark color:
  Pick the dark color's hue between 0 and 3599.
  Put 1000 into the dark color's saturation.
  Put 375 into the dark color's lightness.
  Put the dark color into the context's color.
  
  
To pick an greenish color about some percent of the time: \ *** generalize this for all colors
  Pick an number between 1 and 100.
  If the number is greater than the percent, exit.
  Pick the greenish color.
  Put the greenish color into the context's color.
  
  
To pick an greenish color:
  Pick the greenish color's hue between 900 and 1200.
  Pick the greenish color's saturation between 500 and 1000.
  Pick the greenish color's brightness between 250 and 875.
  Put the greenish color into the context's color.
  
  
To pick an heading:
  Pick the heading between 0 and 3839.
  Put the heading into the context's heading.
  
  
To pick an letter height between some twips and some other twips:
  Pick an random number between the twips and the other twips.
  Put the random number into the letter height.
  Put the random number into the context's letter height.
  
  
To pick an letter of the alphabet:  \ put letter into context? ***
  Pick an number between 65 and 90.
  Put the number into the letter.
  
  
To pick an light color:
  Pick the light color's hue between 0 and 3599.
  Put 1000 into the light color's saturation.
  Put 625 into the light color's lightness.
  Put the light color into the context's color.
  
  
To pick an number within an amount of another number:
  Pick the number between the other number minus the amount and the other number plus the amount.
  Put the number into the context's number.
  
  
To pick an number:
  Pick the number between 0 and the largest number. 
  Put the number into the context's number.
  
  
To pick an pastel color:
  Pick the pastel color's hue between 0 and 3599.
  Put 1000 into the pastel color's saturation.
  Put 875 into the pastel color's lightness.
  Put the pastel color into the context's color.
  
  
To pick an rainbow color:
  Add 1 to the current rainbow color number.
  If the current rainbow color number is greater than 6, put 1 into the current rainbow color number.
  If the current rainbow color number is 1, put the red color into the rainbow color.
  If the current rainbow color number is 2, put the orange color into the rainbow color.
  If the current rainbow color number is 3, put the yellow color into the rainbow color.
  If the current rainbow color number is 4, put the green color into the rainbow color.
  If the current rainbow color number is 5, put the blue color into the rainbow color.
  If the current rainbow color number is 6, put the purple color into the rainbow color.
  Put the rainbow color into the context's color.
  
  
To pick an solid color:
  Pick the solid color's hue between 0 and 3599.
  Put 1000 into the solid color's saturation.
  Put 500 into the solid color's lightness.
  Put the solid color into the context's color.
  
  
To pick an spot anywhere in an box:
  Pick the spot's x between the box's left and the box's right.
  Pick the spot's y between the box's top and the box's bottom.
  Put the spot into the context's spot.
  
  
To pick an spot anywhere in the bottom an fraction of an box;
To pick an spot in the bottom an fraction of an box:
  Privatize the box.
  Put the box's height times the fraction into some twips.
  Put the box's bottom minus the twips into the box's top.
  Pick the spot in the box.
  
  
To pick an spot anywhere in the middle an fraction of an box;
To pick an spot in the middle an fraction of an box:
  Privatize the box.
  Put the box's center's y into an coord.
  Put the box's height times the fraction divided by 2 into an number.
  Put the coord minus the number into the box's top.
  Put the coord plus the number into the box's bottom.
  Pick the spot in the box.
  
  
To pick an spot anywhere in the top half of an box;
To pick an spot in the top half of an box:
  Privatize the box.
  Put the box's center's y into the box's bottom.
  Pick the spot in the box.
  
  
To pick an spot anywhere in the top middle an fraction of an box;
To pick an spot in the top middle an fraction of an box:
  Privatize the box.
  Put the box's center's y into an coord.
  Put the box's height times the fraction into an number.
  Put the coord minus the number into the box's top.
  Put the coord into the box's bottom.
  Pick the spot in the box.
  
  
To pick an spot anywhere on an horizontal line;
To pick an spot on an horizontal line:
  Pick the spot's x between the horizontal line's start's x and the horizontal line's end's x.
  Put the horizontal line's y into the spot's y.
  
  
To pick an spot in an box about some twips above the middle;
To pick an spot in an box about some twips above the center:
  Put the box into an bounding box.
  Put the twips divided by 2 into some other twips.
  Put the box's center's y minus the other twips into the bounding box's bottom.
  Put the bounding box's bottom minus the twips into the bounding box's top.
  Pick the spot anywhere in the bounding box.
  
  
To pick an spot in an box about some twips below the middle;
To pick an spot in an box about some twips below the center:
  Put the box into an bounding box.
  Put the twips divided by 2 into some other twips.
  Put the box's center's y plus the other twips into the bounding box's top.
  Put the bounding box's top plus the twips into the bounding box's bottom.
  Pick the spot anywhere in the bounding box.
  
  
To pick an spot in an box some twips to some other twips above the middle;
To pick an spot in an box some twips to some other twips above the center:
  Put the box into an bounding box.
  Put the box's center's y minus the twips into the bounding box's bottom.
  Put the bounding box's bottom minus the other twips into the bounding box's top.
  Pick the spot anywhere in the bounding box.
  
  
To pick an spot in an box some twips to some other twips below the middle;
To pick an spot in an box some twips to some other twips below the center:
  Put the box into an bounding box.
  Put the box's center's y plus the twips into the bounding box's top.
  Put the bounding box's top plus the other twips into the bounding box's bottom.
  Pick the spot anywhere in the bounding box.
  
  
To pick an spot in an box:
  Pick the spot's x between the box's left and the box's right.
  Pick the spot's y between the box's top and the box's bottom.
  Put the spot into the context's spot.
  
  
To pick an spot within an distance of another spot:
  Pick the spot's x within the distance of the other spot's x.
  Pick the spot's y within the distance of the other spot's y.
  Put the spot into the context's spot.
  
  
To pick an very dark color;
To pick an really dark color:
  Pick the really dark color's hue between 0 and 3599.
  Put 500 into the really dark color's saturation.
  Put 250 into the really dark color's lightness.
  Put the really dark color into the context's color.
  
  
To pick an very light color;
To pick an really light color:
  Pick the really light color's hue between 0 and 3599.
  Put 1000 into the really light color's saturation.
  Put 750 into the really light color's lightness.
  Put the really light color into the context's color.
  
  
To pick an very very dark color;
To pick an really really dark color:
  Pick the really really dark color's hue between 0 and 3599.
  Put 500 into the really really dark color's saturation.
  Put 125 into the really really dark color's lightness.
  Put the really really dark color into the context's color.
  
  
To pick an very very light color;
To pick an really really light color:
  Pick the really really light color's hue between 0 and 3599.
  Put 1000 into the really really light color's saturation.
  Put 875 into the really really light color's lightness.
  Put the really really light color into the context's color.
  
  
To pick some twips between some min twips and some other twips; \ are all these necessary? ***
  To pick an number between some min twips and some other twips;
To pick an number between an min number and an max number;
To pick an number from an min number to an max number;
To set an number to something between another number and an third number;
To pick an random number between an min number and an max number:
  Put the seed's whereabouts into eax.
  \ put address of randseed into ecx
  Intel $8BC8. \ mov ecx,eax
  \ calculate zero based max
  Intel $8B8510000000. \ mov eax,[ebp+16] \ the max
  Intel $8B00. \ mov eax,[eax]
  Intel $8B9D0C000000. \ mov ebx,[ebp+12] \ the min
  Intel $2B03. \ sub eax,[ebx]
  Intel $40. \ inc eax
  \ adjust randseed
  Intel $691105840808. \ imul edx,[ecx],134775813
  Intel $42. \ inc edx
  Intel $8911. \ mov [ecx],edx
  \ mul adjusted randseed by the zero based max
  Intel $F7E2. \ mul edx
  \ add the min to un-zero base the number
  Intel $0313. \ add edx,[ebx] the min
  \ store the result
  Intel $8B9D08000000. \ mov ebx,[ebp+08] \ the random number
  Intel $8913. \ mov [ebx],edx
  Put the random number into the context's number.
  
  
