To rotate an box:
  Put the box's center into an center spot.
  Put the box into another box.
  Put the center's y minus the other box's top plus the center's x into the box's right.
  Put the other box's left minus the center's x plus the center's y into the box's top.
  Put the center's y minus the other box's bottom plus the center's x into the box's left.
  Put the other box's right minus the center's x plus the center's y into the box's bottom.
  
  
To rotate an gpimage given an angle: \ angle can be 0, 900, 1800, 2700
  If the gpimage is nil, exit.
  Put 0 [rotatenoneflipnone] into an number.
  If the angle is 900, put 1 [rotate90flipnone] into the number.
  If the angle is 1800, put 2 [rotate180flipnone ] into the number.
  If the angle is 2700, put 3 [rotate270flipnone ] into the number.
  Call "gdiplus.dll" "GdipImageRotateFlip" with the gpimage and the number.
  
  
To rotate an gpimage:
  If the gpimage is nil, exit.
  Call "gdiplus.dll" "GdipImageRotateFlip" with the gpimage and 1 [rotate90flipnone].
  
  
To rotate an line:
  Put the line's center into an center spot.
  Rotate the line's start around the center.
  Rotate the line's end around the center.
  
  
To rotate an picture:
  If the picture is nil, exit.
  Add 900 to the picture's rotate angle.
  If the picture's mirror flag is set, add 1800 to the picture's rotate angle.
  Normalize the picture's rotate angle.
  Rotate the picture's box.
  Rotate the picture's uncropped box.
  Put the picture's box's center into an center spot.
  Put the picture's uncropped box's center into another center spot.
  Put the center's y minus the other center's y plus the center's x into an twip pair's x.
  Subtract the other center's x from the twip pair's x.
  Put the center's y plus the other center's x minus the center's x into the twip pair's y.
  Subtract the other center's y from the twip pair's y.
  Move the picture's uncropped box given the twip pair.
  Rotate the picture's gpbitmap.
  
  
To rotate an polygon:
  If the polygon is nil, exit.
  Put the polygon's center into an center spot.
  Loop.
    Get an vertex from the polygon's vertices.
    If the vertex is nil, exit.
    Rotate the vertex's spot around the center.
  Repeat.
  
  
To rotate an spot around an center spot:
  Put the spot into another spot.
  Put the center's y minus the other spot's y plus the center's x into the spot's x.
  Put the other spot's x minus the center's x plus the center's y into the spot's y.
  
  
To rotate an text:
  If the text is nil, exit.
  Rotate the text's box.
  Wrap the text.
  
  
To rotate an ellipse:
  Rotate the ellipse's box.
  
  
