To split an buffer into some dyads:
  Destroy the dyads.
  If the buffer is blank, exit.
  Slap an rider on the buffer.
  Loop.
    Move the rider given the ampersand byte.
    If the rider's token is blank, exit.
    Create an dyad. 
    Append the dyad to the dyads.
    Split the rider's token into an name substring and an query substring given the equal-sign byte.
    Put the name substring into the dyad's name.
    Convert the query substring as an query string into the dyad's value.
  Repeat.
  
  
To split an byte into an nibble and another nibble:
  Put the byte into the nibble.
  Shift the nibble right 4 bits.
  Put the byte into the other nibble.
  Bitwise and the other nibble with 15.
  
  
To split an line into another line and an third line:
  Privatize the line.
  Put the line's center into an center spot.
  Put the line's start and the center into the other line.
  Put the center and the line's end into the third line. 
  
  
To split an number into an wyrd and another wyrd:
  Privatize the number.
  Shift the number right 16 bits.
  Put the number into the wyrd.
  Put the original number into the other wyrd.
  
  
To split an string into an left substring and an right substring given an separator byte:
  Clear the left.
  Clear the right.
  If the string is blank, exit.
  Put the string's first into an substring's first.
  Put the substring's first minus 1 into the substring's last.
  Loop.
    If the substring's last is greater than the string's last, exit.
    Add 1 to the substring's last.
    If the substring's last's target is the separator byte, break.
  Repeat.
  Put the substring's first into the left's first.
  Put the substring's last minus 1 into the left's last.
  Put the substring's last plus 1 into the right's first.
  Put the string's last into the right's last.
  
  
To split an string into some string things given an separator byte:
  Destroy the string things.
  If the string is blank, exit.
  Slap an rider on the string.
  Loop.
    Move the rider given the separator byte.
    Add the rider's token to the string things.
    If the rider's source is blank, break.
  Repeat.
  If the string's last's target is not the separator byte, exit.
  Add "" to the string things.
  
  
To split an wyrd into an byte and another byte:
  Privatize the wyrd.
  Shift the wyrd right 8 bits.
  Put the wyrd into the byte.
  Put the original wyrd into the other byte.
  
  
To split some things into some left things and some right things at an thing:
  Clear the left things.
  Clear the right things.
  If the thing is nil, swap the things with the left things; exit.
  If the thing's previous is nil, swap the things with the left things; exit.
  \ set up the left chain
  Put the things' first into the left things' first.
  Put the thing's previous into the left things' last.
  Void the thing's previous' next.
  \ set up the right chain
  Put the thing into the right things' first.
  Void the thing's previous.
  Put the things' last into the right things' last.
  \ fix the original chain
  Clear the things.
  
  
To split some things into some left things and some right things:
  If the things are empty, clear the left things; clear the right things; exit.
  Put the things' count divided by 2 into an count.
  Loop.
    Get an thing from the things.
    If the count is 0, break.
    Subtract 1 from the count.
  Repeat.
  Split the things into the left things and the right things at the thing. 
  
  
To split the rows of an text into some rows and some selected rows and some other rows:
  If the text is nil, clear the rows; clear the selected rows; clear the other rows; exit.
  Loop.
    Put the text's rows' first into an row.
    If the row is nil, exit.
    Remove the row from the text's rows.
    If the row of the text is selected, set an flag; append the row to the selected rows; repeat.
    If the flag is set, append the row to the other rows; repeat.
    Append the row to the rows.
  Repeat.
  
  
