To blurt an dos header into an buffer:
  Blurt bytes given the dos header's whereabouts and the dos header's magnitude and the buffer and 0.
  
  
To blurt an fragment into an buffer:
  If the fragment's code is blank, exit.
  Put the fragment's address minus the image base into an address.
  Blurt the fragment's code into the buffer at the address.
  
  
To blurt an pe header into an buffer:
  Blurt bytes given the pe header's whereabouts and the pe header's magnitude and the buffer and 256.
  
  
To blurt an routine into an buffer:
  If the routine's compiled flag is not set, exit.
  Blurt the routine's fragments into the buffer.
  
  
To blurt an string into an buffer at an address:
  Blurt bytes given the string's first and the string's length and the buffer and the address.
  
  
To blurt an variable into an buffer (as an string):
  Put the variable's address minus the image base into an address.
  Put the variable's data's length into an length.
  Put the address into another address.
  Add an prototype string's magnitude to the other address.
  Add the image base to the other address.
  Put 0 into the prototype string's first.
  Put -1 into the prototype string's last.
  If the length is not 0, put the other address into the prototype string's first.
  If the length is not 0, put the prototype string's first plus the length minus 1 into the prototype string's last.
  Blurt bytes given the prototype string's whereabouts and the prototype string's magnitude and the buffer and the address.
  Add the prototype string's magnitude to the address.
  Blurt the variable's data into the buffer at the address.
  
  
To blurt an variable into an buffer:
  If the variable's compiled flag is not set, exit.
  If the variable's type can be reduced to "string", blurt the variable into the buffer (as an string); exit.
  Put the variable's address minus the image base into an address.
  Blurt the variable's data into the buffer at the address.
  
  
To blurt an entry into an buffer:
  Blurt bytes given the entry's name address's whereabouts and 4 and the buffer and the entry's thunk address.
  Put the entry's name address plus 2 into an address.
  Blurt the entry's name into the buffer at the address.
  
  
To blurt an import into an buffer:
  Blurt bytes given the import's import header's whereabouts and the import's import header's magnitude and the buffer and the import's header address.
  Blurt the import's name into the buffer at the import's name address.
  Blurt the import's entries into the buffer.
  
  
To blurt bytes given an pointer and an length and an buffer and an offset:
  Put the buffer's first plus the offset into another pointer.
  Copy bytes from the pointer to the other pointer for the length.
  
  
To blurt some entries into an buffer:
    Get an entry from the entries.
    If the entry is nil, exit.
    Blurt the entry into the buffer.
  Repeat.
  
  
To blurt some fragments into an buffer:
    Get an fragment from the fragments.
    If the fragment is nil, exit.
    Blurt the fragment into the buffer.
  Repeat.
  
  
To blurt some imports into an buffer:
    Get an import from the imports.
    If the import is nil, exit.
    Blurt the import into the buffer.
  Repeat.
  
  
To blurt some routines into an buffer:
    Get an routine from the routines.
    If the routine is nil, exit.
    Blurt the routine into the buffer.
  Repeat.
  
  
To blurt some variables into an buffer:
    Get an variable from the variables.
    If the variable is nil, exit.
    Blurt the variable into the buffer.
  Repeat.
  
  
