To adjust an menu given an spot and an width:
    If the menu is nil, exit.
    Privatize the spot.
    Put the spot's x plus the width into an right coord.
    Loop.
    Get an command from the menu's commands.
    If the command is nil, break.
    If the spot's x plus the command's width is greater than the right, put the original spot's x into the spot's x; add the command height to the spot's y.
    Put the spot and the spot into the command's roundy box.
    Add the command's width and the command height to the command's roundy box's right-bottom.
    Add the command's width to the spot's x.
  Repeat.
  
  
To adjust some tabs:
    If the tabs' count is 0, exit.
    Put the switch's box's width divided by the tabs' count into an width.
    Round the width to the tpp.
    Loop.
    Get an tab from the tabs.
    If the tab is nil, exit.
    Put the switch's box into the tab's box.
    Add 1/4 inch to the tab's top.
    If the tab is not the tabs' first, put the tab's previous' right into the tab's left.
    If the tab is not the tabs' last, put the tab's left plus the width into the tab's right.
  Repeat.
  
  
To adjust the dialog (buttons):
    Put the bar's display and 1/12 inch into an roundy box.
    Put the roundy box's right minus the button width into the roundy box's left.
    Loop.
    Get an button from the dialog's buttons (backwards).
    If the button is nil, exit.
    Put the roundy box into the button's roundy box.
    Move the roundy box left the button width.
  Repeat.
  
  
To adjust the dialog (prompt):
  Put the dialog's roundy box's left plus 1/8 inch into the dialog's prompt box's left.
  Put the dialog's roundy box's top plus 1/24 inch into the dialog's prompt box's top.
  Get an width given the dialog's prompt and the default font.
  Put the dialog's prompt box's left plus the width plus 1/12 inch into the dialog's prompt box's right.
  Put the dialog's roundy box's bottom minus 1/24 inch into the dialog's prompt box's bottom.
  
  
To adjust the dialog (roundy box):
  Put the bar's display and 1/12 inch into the dialog's roundy box.
  If the dialog's buttons are empty, exit.
  Put the dialog's first button's left into the dialog's roundy box's right.
  
  
To adjust the dialog (text):
  If the dialog's text is nil, exit.
  Set the dialog's text's horizontal scroll flag.
  Select every byte in the dialog's text.
  Put the dialog's pen into the dialog's text's pen.
  Put the dialog's prompt box's right into an box's left.
  Put the dialog's prompt box's top into the box's top.
  Put the dialog's roundy box's right minus 1/8 inch into the box's right.
  Put the dialog's prompt box's bottom into the box's bottom.
  Change the dialog's text given the box.
  
  
To adjust the dialog:
  If the dialog is nil, exit.
  Adjust the dialog (buttons).
  Adjust the dialog (roundy box).
  Adjust the dialog (prompt).
  Adjust the dialog (text).
  
  
