To add an button to the dialog given an string:
  If the string is blank, void the button; exit.
  If the dialog is nil, exit.
  Create the button.
  Append the button to the dialog's buttons.
  Put the string into the button's name.
  
  
To add an color and an handler to an menu:
  If the menu is nil, exit.
  Create an command.
  Append the command to the menu's commands.
  Put the swatch width into the command's width.
  Put the handler into the command's handler.
  Put the color into the command's color.
  
  
To add an name and an handler to an menu:
  If the menu is nil, exit.
  Create an command.
  Append the command to the menu's commands.
  Put the command height into the command's width.
  Put the name into the command's name.
  Put the handler into the command's handler.
  Put the white color into the command's color.
  Put "left" into the command's alignment.
  
  
To add an name and an handler to an submenu:
  Add the name and "" and the handler to the submenu.
  
  
To add an name and an shortcut and an handler to an submenu:
  If the submenu is nil, exit.
  Create an command.
  Append the command to the submenu's commands.
  Put the submenu width into the command's width.
  Put the name into the command's name.
  Put the shortcut into the command's shortcut.
  Put the handler into the command's handler.
  Put the white color into the command's color.
  Put "left" into the command's alignment.
  
  
To add swatches to an submenu given an handler and an color:
    If the submenu is nil, exit.
    Privatize the color.
    Put 875 into the color's lightness.
    Loop.
    Add the color and the handler to the submenu.
    Subtract 125 from the color's lightness.
    If the color's lightness is less than 125, exit.
  Repeat.
  
  
To add swatches to an submenu given an handler:
  If the submenu is nil, exit.
  Add the clear color and the handler to the submenu.
  Put the palette width divided by 3 into the submenu's commands' last's width.
  Put "clear" into the submenu's commands' last's name.
  Put "center" into the submenu's commands' last's alignment.
  Add the white color and the handler to the submenu.
  Put the palette width divided by 3 into the submenu's commands' last's width.
  Add the black color and the handler to the submenu.
  Put the palette width divided by 3 into the submenu's commands' last's width.
  Add swatches to the submenu given the handler and the gray color.
  Add swatches to the submenu given the handler and the red color.
  Add swatches to the submenu given the handler and the orange color.
  Add swatches to the submenu given the handler and the yellow color.
  Add swatches to the submenu given the handler and the lime color.
  Add swatches to the submenu given the handler and the green color.
  Add swatches to the submenu given the handler and the teal color.
  Add swatches to the submenu given the handler and the cyan color.
  Add swatches to the submenu given the handler and the sky color.
  Add swatches to the submenu given the handler and the blue color.
  Add swatches to the submenu given the handler and the purple color.
  Add swatches to the submenu given the handler and the magenta color.
  Add swatches to the submenu given the handler and the violet color.
  
  
