To draw an box with an border color and an fill color and an radius (rounding the bottom):
  Put the box and the radius into an roundy box.
  Draw the roundy box with the border and the fill.
  Privatize the box.
  Put the box's height divided by 2 into an height.
  Put the box's top plus the height into the box's bottom.
  Draw the box with the border and the clear color.
  Add the tpp to the box's bottom.
  Draw the box with the clear color and the fill.
  
  
To draw an box with an border color and an fill color and an radius (rounding the top):
  Put the box and the radius into an roundy box.
  Draw the roundy box with the border and the fill.
  Privatize the box.
  Put the box's height divided by 2 into an height.
  Put the box's bottom minus the height into the box's top.
  Draw the box with the border and the clear color.
  Subtract the tpp from the box's top.
  Draw the box with the clear color and the fill.
  
  
To draw an button:
  If the button is nil, exit.
  Unmask everything.
  Draw the button's roundy box with the black color and the white color.
  Mask outside the button's roundy box.
  Draw the button's name in the button's roundy box with the black color and the default font and "center".
  
  
To draw an command:
  If the command is nil, exit.
  Unmask everything.
  Put the command's color into an color.
  If the color is clear, put the white color into the color.
  Draw the command's roundy box with the black color and the color.
  Put the command's roundy box into an box.
  Adjust the box given 1/8 inch and 0 and -1/8 inch and 0.
  Mask outside the command's roundy box. \ don't mask to the box, menu letters are too big to fit
  Draw the command's name in the box with the black color and the command's font and the command's alignment.
  Draw the command's shortcut at the right of the box with the black color and the command's font.
  
  
To draw an menu:
  If the menu is nil, exit.
  Draw the menu's commands.
  
  
To draw an tab:
  If the tab is nil, exit.
  Mask only outside the tab's box.
  Draw the tab's box with the desktop color and the desktop color and 1/8 inch (rounding the bottom).
  If the tab's previous is not nil, draw the tab's box's left line with the black color.
  If the tab is not the current tab, draw the tab's box's top line with the black color.
  Draw the tab's name in the center of the tab's box with the black color and the default font.
  
  
To draw some buttons:
    Get an button from the buttons.
    If the button is nil, exit.
    Draw the button.
  Repeat.
  
  
To draw some commands:
    Get an command from the commands.
    If the command is nil, exit.
    Draw the command.
  Repeat.
  
  
To draw some tabs:
    Get an tab from the tabs.
    If the tab is nil, exit.
    Draw the tab.
  Repeat.
  
  
To draw the bar:
  Unmask everything.
  Draw the bar's box with the black color and the black color.
  Draw the bar's box with the desktop color and the desktop color and 1/8 inch (rounding the top).
  If the bar's mode is "dialog", draw the dialog; exit.
  Draw the menu.
  Draw the status.
  
  
To draw the desktop:
  Draw the bar.
  Draw the switch.
  Draw the pad.
  Draw the current menu.
  
  
To draw the dialog:
  If the dialog is nil, exit.
  Unmask everything.
  Draw the dialog's roundy box with the black color and the white color.
  Mask outside the dialog's roundy box.
  Draw the dialog's prompt in the dialog's prompt box with the dialog's pen and the default font and "left".
  Draw the dialog's text (editing).
  Draw the dialog's buttons.
  
  
To draw the pad:
  Mask only outside the pad's box.
  Draw the pad's box with the desktop color and the desktop color.
  If the current tab's mode is "finder", draw the current tab's node; exit.
  If the current tab's mode is "editor", draw the current tab's node's source; exit.
  If the current tab's mode is "docster", draw the current tab's node's document; exit.
  If the current tab's mode is "writer", draw the current tab's node's page; exit.
  
  
To draw the status:
  Unmask everything.
  Draw the status' roundy box with the desktop color and the desktop color.
  Draw the status' roundy box with the black color and the white color.
  Put the status' roundy box into an box.
  Adjust the box given 1/8 inch and 0 and -1/8 inch and 0.
  Mask outside the box.
  Draw the status' string in the box with the black color and the default font and "right".
  
  
To draw the switch:
  Mask only outside the switch's box.
  Draw the switch's box with the black color and the black color.
  Put the switch's box into an box.
  Subtract 1/3 inch from the box's bottom.
  Draw the box with the desktop color and the desktop color.
  Draw the tabs.
  
  
